after the game traditionally there's a
handshake might we see the first-ever
post-super bowl bear hug instead of a
handshake well you guys be in the mood
one of you after the game for that I've
given absolutely no consideration to the
postgame handshake or bear hug or
anything else not thought about that for
one second Jerry have you Jim I have not
hi he's Eric at home senior editor pro
football weekly I am hub our cash and we
are reporting for you live from New
Orleans at super bowl 47 it's been a
great week so far this actually being
put together for you on friday after we
witnessed the first ever at the Super
Bowl the two coaches sharing a joint
Friday morning press conference now you
all know why it's the horrible the first
time we've ever had brothers together
coaching against each other in a
significant NFL game let alone a super
bowl so they did their press conference
this morning and Eric I you know I think
coming down a lot of us felt by Thursday
Friday we would have had enough of the
whole hardball story I don't think so
I'm enjoying it and I thought it was a
great press conference this morning it's
they're you know they're the first
family of the NFL right now I mean put
the Mannings aside which is crazy to
think in new orleans where they're from
but you know the Harbaugh story I don't
think has gotten old and we've heard
about Jack we've heard about Jackie
their mom you know we've heard about
Joanie their sister the relationship
with Tom Crean obviously she's married
to him too so there's so many great
angles and they really were a great
sports family and so it's so cool to see
their different backgrounds jim was the
better player John got the NFL job first
they came up they took different paths
they work for their dad I love how it
all came together they met last
Thanksgiving and here they are in the
Super Bowl they both deserve to be here
now one of the things I've reported on
at our website during the course of the
week is that Jim Harbaugh is an old
friend of mine I know I'm pretty well
don't know John as well what I did not
know about the Harbaugh family until
friday morning though was their mom's
dad there grandpa 97 years old not only
here but spry and enjoying the event it
makes it such a great family story and
added more to it I think at the Friday
morning press conference the other
interesting note is John we've said all
week the more polish to the two showed
up in the Brooks Brothers gray flannel
Jim showed up in a 49er t-shirt is at
his khakis and and that's the difference
that is gonna remain between these two
I'm sure it won't change over the years
now that befits their personalities and
you know
it was neat to see those guys and how
they approach the different press
conferences I'll share one quick
anecdote I was coming back into the
media center the other day it was right
after Jack their father had conducted
his joint press conference with his wife
which is also a cool experience and Jack
just had this smile on his face and he
looks so thrilled it wasn't fake there
was nobody else around and I said to him
I said are you enjoying this as much as
you look to be enjoying this he said I
feel like I'm floating right now and he
really was this is so cool for him so
cool for the family and I think a great
story for the NFL well another aspect
about the Harbaughs it doesn't come
across enough because Jim in particular
has this reputation of being wound a
little tight I've also known Jack for
most of those 25 years he always has
that smile on his face you know the fact
that his sons have accomplished what
they have I think just adds to it the
one other note is they were asked at the
press conference have you thought at all
about the postgame handshake bear hug
what will it be and in a separate
question they were asked you know fact
it's your brother does it make you worry
about winning are you upset about the
possibility of your brother losing and
Eric they both said a I haven't thought
ten seconds about the postgame handshake
or bear hug and be no I want to win the
game yeah no chance I mean when they
were you know shooting pucks at chicken
wire for for a net back in the old days
they were trying to beat the heck out of
each other just like they will on Sunday
that's the competitive spirit they had
back in 2011 and that Thanksgiving Bowl
that's the approach they've taken in
every other game they've been involved
in whether it was as you know GA s for
their dad at Western Kentucky or whether
it's the Super Bowl on Sunday and I
don't expect that to change one bit you
know the Super Bowl because of the size
and scope of the spectable spectacle is
famous for overwhelming you with stories
that Bible midweek late in the week to
say I just don't want to hear it anymore
and I think a lot of people come in the
New Orleans we're worried that the
Harbaugh would be one of those stories
it has been the opposite it becomes more
entertaining every moment we get closer
to the game can't wait to see John and
Jim on opposite sidelines that'll do it
for this particular video from New
Orleans for Erica at home I'm ha Barca
sh for all the best coverage of super
bowl 47 as well as the best in the NFL
24 hours a day 7 days a week 365 days a
year stay with us right where you're at
at pro football weekly calm